[Doc] Add file system volume examples (#6400)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/volumes.rst

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: JuiceFS
        :sync: juicefs-tab

        To use JuiceFS as a SkyPilot volume:

        1. **Install the JuiceFS CSI Driver** on your Kubernetes cluster. Follow the official `installation guide <https://juicefs.com/docs/csi/getting_started>`_ for detailed instructions.

        2. **Verify the storage class** - Confirm that the ``juicefs-sc`` storage class has been created successfully:

        .. code-block:: console

          $ kubectl get storageclass
          NAME           PROVISIONER         RECLAIMPOLICY   VOLUMEBINDINGMODE   ALLOWVOLUMEEXPANSION   AGE
          juicefs-sc     csi.juicefs.com     Retain          Immediate           false                  10m

        .. note::
           If the ``juicefs-sc`` storage class is not available, refer to the `JuiceFS storage class creation guide <https://juicefs.com/docs/csi/guide/pv/#create-storage-class>`_ to set it up.

        3. **Create a JuiceFS volume** using SkyPilot's volume configuration:

        .. code-block:: yaml

          # juicefs-volume.yaml
          name: juicefs-pvc
          type: k8s-pvc

>           infra: k8s

Reviewer: do we need to specify this? it seems quite duplicated to the `type`

Author: Yes for now, I created an issue https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot/issues/6416 to follow up this.

>           size: 1Gi

Reviewer: minor: let's set it to `50Gi` or something larger

          # Launch the cluster with the JuiceFS volume
          $ sky launch -c juicefs-cluster task.yaml

    .. tab-item:: Nebius shared file system
        :sync: nebius-tab

        To use Nebius shared file system as a SkyPilot volume:

        1. **Set up the Nebius filesystem infrastructure** by following the official documentation:

           - `Create a shared filesystem <https://docs.nebius.com/kubernetes/storage/filesystem-over-csi#create-filesystem>`_
           - `Create a node group and mount the filesystem <https://docs.nebius.com/kubernetes/storage/filesystem-over-csi#create-node-group>`_
           - `Install the CSI driver <https://docs.nebius.com/kubernetes/storage/filesystem-over-csi#install-csi>`_

        2. **Verify the storage class** - Confirm that the ``csi-mounted-fs-path-sc`` storage class has been created:

        .. code-block:: console

          $ kubectl get storageclass
          NAME                     PROVISIONER                    RECLAIMPOLICY   VOLUMEBINDINGMODE      ALLOWVOLUMEEXPANSION   AGE
          csi-mounted-fs-path-sc   mounted-fs-path.csi.nebius.ai  Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   false                  10m

>         3. **Create a Nebius volume** using SkyPilot's volume configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        3. **Create a SkyPilot volume for Nebius file system** with a volume YAML:
```
